Added retirement note to add-sip-address.md (#2784)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Exchange: Exchange/ExchangeOnline/voice-mail-unified-messaging/set-up-voice-mail/add-sip-address.md

# Add a SIP address in Exchange Online

> [!NOTE]

> > Cloud Voicemail takes the place of Exchange Unified Messaging (UM) in providing voice messaging functionality for Skype for Business 2019 voice users who have mailboxes on Exchange Server 2019 or Exchange Online, and for Skype for Business Online voice users. For more information please check [Plan Cloud Voicemail service](/skypeforbusiness/hybrid/plan-cloud-voicemail) and [Retiring Unified Messaging in Exchange Online](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/Exchange-Team-Blog/Retiring-Unified-Messaging-in-Exchange-Online/ba-p/608991).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Cloud Voicemail takes the place of Exchange Unified Messaging (UM) in providing voice messaging functionality for Skype for Business 2019 voice users who have mailboxes on Exchange Server 2019 or Exchange Online, and for Skype for Business Online voice users. For more information, see [Plan Cloud Voicemail service](/skypeforbusiness/hybrid/plan-cloud-voicemail) and [Retiring Unified Messaging in Exchange Online](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/Exchange-Team-Blog/Retiring-Unified-Messaging-in-Exchange-Online/ba-p/608991).
```
